Added new config options (#151)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/enable-inbound-traffic.adoc

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Value |Description
| *Max Connections*

> | The maximum amount of simultaneous connections to allow.

Reviewer: amount > number

*Default value*: 512 connections

| *Max Requests per Connection*
| The maximum number of requests per connections to allow. +

> This value will determine how much reuse a connection can allow; consider the amount of CPU required to terminate and re-establish a TLS encrypted connection when lowering this value.

Reviewer: present tense:
```suggestion
Because this value determines how much reuse a connection allows, consider the amount of CPU required to terminate and reestablish a TLS-encrypted connection when lowering this value.
```

*Maximum allowed*: 1000 requests per connection

*Default value*: 1000

| *Connection Idle Time-out*

> | The maximum amount of time that you allow an idle connection. +

Reviewer: Does "you" allow the idle connection?
```suggestion
| The maximum amount of time that a connection can remain idle. +
```

> This value helps you terminate idle connections and free up resources. +

Reviewer: free up > free

> This value should always be higher than your *read request time-out*.

Reviewer: If quoting the UI label, then capitalize it as there:
```suggestion
This value should always be higher than your *Read Request Time-out*.
```
OR
```suggestion
This value should always be higher than your read request timeout.
```

*Default value*: 15 seconds

| *Read Request Time-out*
| The maximum amount of time spent to read a request before it is terminated.+
This value enables requests with large payloads or slow clients to be terminated to keep resources available.+
This helps guard against connection pool exhaustion from slow requests or from clients who don't close connections after a response is sent.

> If a Mule application takes longer to respond than this value, the connection is automatically closed. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Mule application takes longer than this value to respond, the connection is automatically closed. +
```

> This value should always be lower than the *connection idle time-out* value previously configured.

Reviewer: ditto re. *Connection Idle Time-out" or "connection idle timeout."

*Default value*: 10 seconds

| *Read Response Time-out*
| The maximum amount of time spent to initiate a response before the connection is terminated.+

> This value enables large payloads be terminated to keep resources available.+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value enables requests with large payloads to be terminated to keep resources available.+
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY try to reword these texts to sound like the one in lines 238-9.

*Default value*: 300 seconds

| *Write Response Time-out*

> | The maximum amount of time spent from the end of the request header read to the end of the response write before the request is terminated.+

Reviewer: Can we make this more simple: "from the end of the request header read to the end of the response write"?

*Default value*: 10 seconds

| *Max Pipeline Depth*

> | The maximum amount of requests to allow from the same client. +

Reviewer: number

This value defines how many simultaneous requests a client can send. +

> If a client exceeds this number, the exceeding requests will not be read until the requests in the queue receive a response.

Reviewer: present tense
